SAM THOROGOOD:
Hey everyone, it's
Sam here from Google's
Developer Relations Team.
It's nice to see you.
This is a brand new
development area
about Google's Santa Tracker,
a fun, educational website
that we release every
year in December.
This site is built by a whole
team of helper elves, not just
me.
So let's get started and
have a look at the site.
Santa Tracker as a
winter playground.
We have a bunch of different
scenes here to explore,
different houses, including some
which are very coding themed,
which we really like.
There are some Easter eggs
hidden throughout the site,
you know, things like
this little balloon here,
which you can take off.
And it's mostly built with
Polymer, the web framework.
In this series,
we're going to share
a bunch of learnings with you,
things that we've discovered
in building Santa
Tracker, and things
you can take away and
use in your own sites.
The most important
thing to remember
is that Santa
Tracker is on GitHub.
So you can actually
follow along at home.
Go to the Google organization
here, and check out
Santa Tracker web.
The instructions are
below how to build it.
So curl up by the fire,
grab a cup of hot cocoa,
and learn a little bit
about Santa Tracker with me
this holiday season.
Thanks for watching.
You can subscribe to the
Google Chrome Developer channel
down here.
Or check out some other
great videos along here.